content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 50  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Selected Experiences"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "Land Projects Coordinator"
  company = "Westchester Land Trust"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Bedford, NY"
  date_start = "2020-08-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  Responsibilities include:
  * Assist with the identification and management of land acquisition and conservation projects
  * Updating organization Strategic Conservation Plan including data collection and spatial analysis modeling for priority conservation projects
  * Supporting the stewardship department with conservation easement monitoring and preserve management activities
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Graduate Research Assistant"
  company = "University of Connecticut"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Storrs, CT"
  date_start = "2018-01-01"
  date_end = "2020-12-31"
  description = """
  Responsibilities include:
  * Planned and conducted research pertaining to socioecological research on attitudes of residents towards roadside vegetation management practices
  * Integrated human dimensions, landscape ecology, and spatial analysis to analyze data
  * Supervised 10 research technicians in survey data entry, point geolocation, mapping, and data analysis
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Natural Resource Supervisor"
  company = "Rockefeller State Park Preserve"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Pleasantville, NY"
  date_start = "2016-04-01"
  date_end = "2018-01-01"
  description = """
  Responsibilities included:
  * Coordinated and implemented restoration of natural areas through invasive species management, reestablishing native plant populations, and mitigating soil erosion
  * Conducted vegetation monitoring and deer browse impact research, oversaw bow hunt, and coordinated with external researchers for blue bird banding, wood thrush monitoring, and deer spotlight surveys; generated annual reports for funding agency
  * Recruited and supervised natural resource stewards, interns, and volunteers
  * Managed restoration budget for plant materials and invasive herbicide contracts 
  * Partnered with local and state organizations to advance ecological restoration"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Forest Ecologist"
  company = "Prospect Park Alliance"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Brooklyn, NY"
  date_start = "2014-07-01"
  date_end = "2016-03-31"
  description = """
  Responsibilities included:
  * Prioritized management and restoration of invasive plant infestations using herbicides
  * Conducted long-term vegetation monitoring and data analysis for reports
  * Coordinated, hired, and supervised the natural resource internship program 
  * Organized and oversaw frequent volunteer projects and plant identification tours """

+++

Commit message:

updated position and about me page, and mansfield mapper link

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 50  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Selected Experiences"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.
[[experience]]
  title = "GIS and Land Data Manager"
  company = "Scenic Hudson"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Poughkeepsie, NY"
  date_start = "2022-03-20"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  Responsibilities include:
  * Mapping and completing analysis for various land protection projects including impacts of development proposals on scenic,agricultural, urban and ecological resources
  * Maintaining all spatial and tabular data related to landconservation, land use, natural and cultural resources, trails and other recreational features
  * Organizing trainings, mentoring and technical assistance to GIS and Salesforce users within the organization
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Land Projects Coordinator"
  company = "Westchester Land Trust"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Bedford, NY"
  date_start = "2020-08-01"
  date_end = "2022-03-01"
  description = """
  Responsibilities include:
  * Assisted with the identification and management of land conservation projects
  * Updated organization strategic conservation plan including data collection and spatial analysis modeling for priority conservation projects
  * Supported the stewardship department with conservation easement monitoring and preserve management activities
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Graduate Research Assistant"
  company = "University of Connecticut"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Storrs, CT"
  date_start = "2018-01-01"
  date_end = "2020-12-31"
  description = """
  Responsibilities include:
  * Planned and conducted research pertaining to socioecological research on attitudes of residents towards roadside vegetation management practices
  * Integrated human dimensions, landscape ecology, and spatial analysis to analyze data
  * Supervised 10 research technicians in survey data entry, point geolocation, mapping, and data analysis
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Natural Resource Supervisor"
  company = "Rockefeller State Park Preserve"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Pleasantville, NY"
  date_start = "2016-04-01"
  date_end = "2018-01-01"
  description = """
  Responsibilities included:
  * Coordinated and implemented restoration of natural areas through invasive species management, reestablishing native plant populations, and mitigating soil erosion
  * Conducted vegetation monitoring and deer browse impact research, oversaw bow hunt, and coordinated with external researchers for blue bird banding, wood thrush monitoring, and deer spotlight surveys; generated annual reports for funding agency
  * Recruited and supervised natural resource stewards, interns, and volunteers
  * Managed restoration budget for plant materials and invasive herbicide contracts 
  * Partnered with local and state organizations to advance ecological restoration"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Forest Ecologist"
  company = "Prospect Park Alliance"
  company_url = ""
  location = "Brooklyn, NY"
  date_start = "2014-07-01"
  date_end = "2016-03-31"
  description = """
  Responsibilities included:
  * Prioritized management and restoration of invasive plant infestations using herbicides
  * Conducted long-term vegetation monitoring and data analysis for reports
  * Coordinated, hired, and supervised the natural resource internship program 
  * Organized and oversaw frequent volunteer projects and plant identification tours """

+++
