content/projects/MansfieldMapper/index.md, before:

---
title: Mansfield Trail Mapper
summary: Trail map for the town of Mansfield, CT made with ArcOnline.
tags:
- mapping
- Mansfield
- Connecticut
- ArcGIS
- ArcOnline
date: "2020-05-28T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Screenshot of mapper
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  name: Follow
  url: https://twitter.com/stevendifalco
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides 
---

### This interactive map application allows the user to select different attributes (such as trails) to find out more information and directions to the location. This project was done in collaboration with Joshua's Trust and the town of Mansfield, CT. Pulling together town, state, and land trust trails to one place and provide useful information for those who would like to recreate in the Mansfield, CT. Created using ArcGIS Online.

### Currently, the map is not live to the public. The screen capture below shows how a user can find out information by clicking on a trail, and further understand where preserves are located in the town. 

![](ScreenShot.png)

Commit message:

updated position and about me page, and mansfield mapper link

content/projects/MansfieldMapper/index.md, after:

---
title: Mansfield Trail Mapper
summary: Trail map for the town of Mansfield, CT made with ArcOnline.
tags:
- mapping
- Mansfield
- Connecticut
- ArcGIS
- ArcOnline
date: "2020-05-28T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Screenshot of mapper
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  name: Follow
  url: https://twitter.com/stevendifalco
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides 
---

### This interactive map application allows the user to select different attributes (such as trails) to find out more information and directions to the location. This project was done in collaboration with Joshua's Trust and the town of Mansfield, CT. Pulling together town, state, and land trust trails to one place and provide useful information for those who would like to recreate in the Mansfield, CT. Created using ArcGIS Online.

### The map is available [https://arcg.is/00P94P](here) on the Town of Mansfield Parks and Recreation page. The screen capture below shows how a user can find out information by clicking on a trail or parking area for detailed information about the open space.

![](ScreenShot.png)
